Hey do you play ROBLOX? You sure seem like one of idiots
I honestly think it would have been better if your mom had just done anal
you’re the sort of person who would google how big is hulk’s
how big is hulk
hulk’s dong
it’s a dong
You’re a better friend when your lips aren’t moving
you are a fucking asshole
fuck you
fuck off you dumbfuck
gtfo with your pings
shut up retard
you are a loser
yo mama so fat both her buttcheeks have their own /8
shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is
why dont you kill yourself faggot
your mom is gay
your dad is lesbian
you’re about as useful as PHP
thee maternal parent has a big homosexual
you are a big meanie
your ass is probably jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth
you suck more than a black hole
go fuck yourself you fucking faggot cunt m8
you are worse than Hunt Down The Freeman
go back to watching MLP you dumb brony
you’re like Stephen Hawking minus the intelligence
any insult to your intelligence would be an understatement
taste my shrektastic ogre cock
go watch emoji movie because it’s better than you
shut up, weeb degenerate.
I think I need to get chemo because you are cancer.
I would ask you to go kill yourself, but you would still be just as useless.
i envy the people that haven’t met you.
i fart at your general direction.
I think I need to go watch MLP to get the cancer out of my eyes that I got from looking at you.
You are hella gay you retarded faggot.
You are a cock sucker and your mom is so gay.
You are a loser.
You fuck off retard.
i’m not toxic, but fuck you.
your name should be colon because you are full of shit.
you would be more useful as bear food.
do you realize that people just tolerate you being here? just leave.
ur mom has big gae. 
your mom probably is worse than my ass.
suck on my ass cheek.
ur dad has big lesban.
you are as bad as knuckles memes.
I got cancer and I got it from looking at you.
I got AIDS because you touched me.
you do not have intelligence.
you are so stupid that I am lost for words.
your intelligence would be stupigence.
your intelligence is gay.
bastardos.
dude your IQ must be negative or you have more than 47 chromosomes.
Hello, my name is your name and I am very friendly gay man.
Your penis probably can’t even be measured with millimeters.
damn.
cancer.
You have cancer.
You are gay.
gay.
You’re as useful as rem.
Your intelligence does not exist.
Kill yourself.
hello. it is me Boris.
:b:EPIS.
cyka.
how are you gonna practice being gay.
Damn, you are such a dick to people sometimes.
why dont you go suck some more dick?
Your mom loves me more than you.
No one loves you.
I do not like you, but I do not hate you
I do.
suck.
cock.
suck dick.
Is your dick like 5mm or something?
your life is so shitty that your shit is jealous.
I do not.
I do hate you so much you fucking mean piece of shit.
You probably do suck a lot of cock because you are so into chickens.
You probably chicken out of every battle.
insulting is an art, you are bad at it.
having a small dick is a pain isn’t it?
micropenis pride?
why don’t you just microwave your dick and be done with life?
go cut off your ballsack please.
life would be better without you shitting everywhere I step.
go kill yourself in a microwave.
you got diarrhea or something, because you shit on everyone.
I am a janitor and I know trash when I see it, and I see one big pile of trash right there.
I do not have any good ideas.
you are at the middle of the universe in your head.
I can’t even see your because my eyes reject seeing you because you are so ugly.
A fart smells better than you, you dirty old bag.
you’re so ugly, a black hole would reject you.
you are not proud of anything, you do not even have pride with you.
lenny

